Feat  user guide revision (#80)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/hpc-index.md

This documentation offers guidance on how to effectively use these HPC resources. 

> ## What is High Performance Computing?

Reviewer: I like these, but I would have them as an accordian menu, that way, if you already know this, it is quicker to skip past it.

High performance computing (HPC) can refer to a variety of things, from processing large amounts of data very quickly (high-throughput processing, often single-core processing) to running complex code managing so much data that multiple computers coordinating simultaenously is required (multi-core processing).
To illustrate the difference between these two types of computing, concerete examples may be helpful.

> An example of single-node process could be converting a coloured image to grey-scale as each pixel needs to have its RGB value modified one by one. Each individual operation is simple, but the total sum of all these small operations can be ginourmonus. While most modern laptops can easily compute the transformation of the pixels in an image within this example, there are many cases where the scale of the data is so large that a designated service is required. Within research environments, this can look like XXX.

Reviewer 2: This is an interesting example. You could also use frames in a film. One thing to highlight is that each pixel in your example is separable, meaning you can run them in parallel without communication between the operations.

> An example of single-node process could be converting a coloured image to grey-scale as each pixel needs to have its RGB value modified one by one. Each individual operation is simple, but the total sum of all these small operations can be ginourmonus. While most modern laptops can easily compute the transformation of the pixels in an image within this example, there are many cases where the scale of the data is so large that a designated service is required. Within research environments, this can look like XXX.

Reviewer: This is great, just a pet peeve of mine; ginormous isn't a word, it is an amalgamation of gigantic and enormous - once you know it you can't unsee it! :-)

I would suggest changing it for considerable, vast, or something of that nature.

> In contrast, an example of multi-node processing is weather simulations. XXX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In contrast, an example of multi-node processing is weather simulations. Weather is normally modelled by breaking the atmosphere up into regions and predicting changes based on fluid dynamics. The accuracy of the predictions is improved by taking smaller regions over a larger scale which quickly becomes too much from a single node. Also, fluid dynamics requires interaction between regions so we also need communication between CPUs during the calculation. 
```

> To learn more in-depth knowledge on the topic, check out the [official web Imperial page on the topic](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/service-offering/hpc/) that can be accessed from the [main RCS website](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/).

Reviewer: Can we link to the ECRI courses here instead or as well? (https://www.imperial.ac.uk/early-career-researcher-institute/learning-and-development/courses-by-programme/research-computing-and-data-science/)

> ## What HPC services are provided by the RCS?

Reviewer: I think this is covered in detail in other pages, I'm not sure it is needed again here. Maybe once HX2 and HX3 are available, it would be worth having something then.
